Add additional context to the admin locales and translations page (#2717)
strapi/documentation: docusaurus/docs/cms/admin-panel-customization/locales-translations.md

# Locales & translations

<Tldr>
Configure the admin panel languages by updating the `config.locales` array and override default or plugin strings with `config.translations` or custom translation files.
</Tldr>

The Strapi [admin panel](/cms/admin-panel-customization) ships with English strings and supports adding other locales so your editorial team can work in their preferred language. Locales determine which languages appear in the interface, while translations provide the text displayed for each key in a locale.

> This guide targets project maintainers customizing the admin experience from the application codebase. All examples modify the configuration exported from `/src/admin/app.[jt]s`, which Strapi loads when the admin panel builds. You'll learn how to declare additional locales and how to extend Strapi or plugin translations when a locale is missing strings.

Author: ```suggestion
This guide targets project maintainers customizing the admin experience from the application codebase. All examples modify the configuration exported from `/src/admin/app`file, which Strapi loads when the admin panel builds. You'll learn how to declare additional locales and how to extend Strapi or plugin translations when a locale is missing strings.
```
